from reviewing them we are going to venezuela
the information dynamic brings us to this
place exactly to the strong tiuna where
shortly it will start so
formal installation of the homeland plan
sure you start in this capital in
caracas with the support of the armed force
Bolivarian national as part of the
Venezuelan government strategies
aimed at ensuring the safety of
the population one of the promises of today
first president of this country nicolás
mature
and a presidential in order to
request permission to start the
act
ah
every live the fight follows independence and
socialist homeland we will live and we will overcome
my commander in chief good afternoon the
afternoons
is ready to talk to you and give them
part of the staff to
1200 military personnel
800 police officers for a total
of 2,000 troops
of the group of 3000 officials that
will be incorporated into security missions
in the city of caracas requested his
authorization to initiate the act
reason for the incorporation of force
Bolivarian National Army and the
state security agencies in the
safe country plan within the framework of
life-long mission to venezuela
very important day for what is going to be
the future
of the years
of the construction of a safe homeland
today venezuela in what was listening
in joint transition of radio and
TV
is watching this act where our
Bolivarian national armed force goes to
the street to protect the union town
civic military civic-military union
in the humanist principles of
democratic and Christian socialism and with
all the authority that gives us the
constitution and the law is authorized
knows how the struggle continues independence and
socialist homeland we will live and we will overcome
and commander in chief 'permission to
retreat forward
and a thousand troops a group of 3,000 that
incorporate the national armed force
Bolivarian security agencies
of the state in this safe homeland plan in
the framework of the mission to all life
venezuela a reflection of the union
civic-military that reigns in the town
Venezuelan starts in this way the
safe homeland plan the armed force to the
street to protect the people an act
an activity that takes place in the
courtyard of honor of the military academy of
venezuela in Caracas starts like this
Caracas in the capital of this nation
South American
the safe country plan with the support of the
part Bolivarian National Armed Forces
of the strategies of the government of this
country to guarantee the
population security
let's listen next
words of wilmer sweeping barrientos
commander
and operational strategic who directs
this Bolivarian plan
citizen silvia flores first
fighter of the Bolivarian Republic
from Venezuela
citizen gladys gutiérrez president
of the supreme court of justice
citizen luisa ortega fiscal day
general of the republic
citizen maribel maria gabriela ramírez
defender of the people
General of division Miguel Rodríguez
towers minister of popular power for
the internal relations justice and peace
general citizen admiral in chief
diego molero bellavia minister of power
City popular for defense and other
citizen ministers of the
executive cabinet
general commanders of the components
of the Bolivarian National Armed Forces
citizen jacqueline faría boss of the
government of the capital district
citizens representing the body
state security citizens
representatives of other entities u
special guest bodies
citizens representing the media
of communication ladies and gentlemen follow
your course of this activity that takes
out in Caracas venezuela- starts like this
the patria plan ensures armed force
from this country to the street to protect the
Venezuelan people